.TH "AdvanceCOMP ZIP Compression Utility" 1
.SH NAME
advzip \- AdvanceCOMP ZIP Compression Utility
.SH SYNOPSIS 
advzip [\-a, \-\-add] [\-x, \-\-extract] [\-l, \-\-list]
.PD 0
.PP
.PD
	[\-z, \-\-recompress] [\-t, \-\-test] [\-0, \-\-shrink\-store]
.PD 0
.PP
.PD
	[\-1, \-\-shrink\-fast] [\-2, \-\-shrink\-normal] [\-3, \-\-shrink\-extra]
.PD 0
.PP
.PD
	[\-4, \-\-shrink\-insane] [\-i, \-\-iter N]
.PD 0
.PP
.PD
	[\-k, \-\-keep\-file\-time] [\-p, \-\-pedantic] [\-q, \-\-quiet]
.PD 0
.PP
.PD
	[\-h, \-\-help] [\-V, \-\-version] ARCHIVES... [FILES...]
.PD 0
.PP
.PD
.SH DESCRIPTION 
The main purpose of this utility is to recompress and test
the zip archives to get the smallest possible size.
.PP
For recompression the libdeflate implementation is used.
This implementation generally gives 5\-10% more compression
than the zLib Deflate implementation, and it\'s also
generally faster.
.PP
For experimental purpose also the 7\-Zip LZMA algorithm is
available with the \-N option. In this case, the generated
zips WILL NOT BE USABLE by any other program. To make
them usable you need to recompress them without the \-N
option. Generally this algorithm gives 10\-20% more
compression than the zLib Deflate implementation.
.SH OPTIONS 
.TP
.B \-a, \-\-add ARCHIVE FILES...
Create the specified archive with the specified
files. You must specify only one archive.
.TP
.B \-x, \-\-extract ARCHIVE
Extract all the files on the specified archive. You
must specify only one archive.
.TP
.B \-l, \-\-list ARCHIVES...
List the content of the specified archives.
.TP
.B \-z, \-\-recompress ARCHIVES...
Recompress the specified archives. If the \-1, \-2,
\-3, \-4 options are specified, it\'s used the smallest file
choice from: the previous compressed data, the new
compression and the uncompressed format. If the \-0
option is specified the archive is always rewritten
without any compression.
.TP
.B \-t, \-\-test ARCHIVES...
Test the specified archives. The tests may be
extended with the \-p option.
.TP
.B \-k, \-\-keep\-file\-time
When recompressing with \-z keep the .zip file time.
.TP
.B \-p, \-\-pedantic
Be pedantic on the zip tests. If this flag is
enabled some more extensive tests on the zip
integrity are done. These tests are generally not
done by other zip utilities.
.TP
.B \-0, \-\-shrink\-store
Disable the compression. The file is
only stored and not compressed. This option is
very useful to expand the archives of .png and .mp3
files. These files are already compressed, trying to
compress them another time is really a waste of time
and resource.
.TP
.B \-1, \-\-shrink\-fast
Set the compression level to \[dq]fast\[dq] using the zlib
compressor.
.TP
.B \-2, \-\-shrink\-normal
Set the compression level to \[dq]normal\[dq] using the libdeflate
compressor.
This is the default level of compression.
.TP
.B \-3, \-\-shrink\-extra
Set the compression level to \[dq]extra\[dq] using the 7z
compressor.
You can define the compressor iterations with
the \-i, \-\-iter option.
.TP
.B \-4, \-\-shrink\-insane
Set the compression level to \[dq]insane\[dq] using the zopfli
compressor.
You can define the compressor iterations with
the \-i, \-\-iter option.
.TP
.B \-i, \-\-iter N
Define an additional numer of iterations for the 7z and zopfli
compressors for modes \-3 and \-4.
More iterations usually give a better compression, but may
require a lot more time.
Try for example with 10, 15, 20, and so on.
.SH COPYRIGHT 
This file is Copyright (C) 2002 Andrea Mazzoleni, Filipe Estima
.SH SEE ALSO 
advpng(1), advmng(1), advdef(1)
