.TH "History For AdvanceCOMP" 1
.SH NAME
advcomp \- History For AdvanceCOMP
.SH ADVANCECOMP VERSION 2.0 2017/06 
.PD 0
.IP \(bu
Added support for reading MNG files with depth of 1, 2, and 4 bits.
.IP \(bu
Added 64 bits binary for Windows.
.IP \(bu
Updated to libdeflate 29\-May\-2017.
From https://github.com/ebiggers/libdeflate
at commit 1726e9e87fb6f98682dfdea2356d5ee58881fe7b.
.PD
.SH ADVANCECOMP VERSION 1.23 2016/11 
.PD 0
.IP \(bu
Fixed build issue from source code due missing libdeflate header.
.PD
.SH ADVANCECOMP VERSION 1.22 2016/11 
.PD 0
.IP \(bu
Enabled again the command line wildcard expansion in the Windows
builds. The new MingW compiler was disabling it by default.
.PD
.SH ADVANCECOMP VERSION 1.21 2016/11 
.PD 0
.IP \(bu
Added libdeflate support. It\'s the new default because it provides
better performance and compression than 7z.
From https://github.com/ebiggers/libdeflate
at commit 28cc14994b8b57f590d31a7340c8fffc5cc37d88.
.IP \(bu
Update to the latest zopfli library.
From https://github.com/google/zopfli
at commit 6818a0859063b946094fb6f94732836404a0d89a.
.IP \(bu
Windows binaries built with MingW 4.9.3 using the MXE cross compiler at
commit 62bcdbee56e87c81f1faa105b8777a5879d4e2e with targets
i686\-w64\-mingw32 and x86_64\-w64\-mingw32.
.IP \(bu
DOS binaries built with DJGPP 4.8.5 from
https://github.com/andrewwutw/build\-djgpp
.PD
.SH ADVANCECOMP VERSION 1.20 2015/08 
.PD 0
.IP \(bu
Fixed .gz recompression of data bigger than 400 MB.
.IP \(bu
Fixed .gz recompression with \-0 and \-1 options.
.IP \(bu
Updated to the latest zopfli [Aaron Kaluszka].
.IP \(bu
Preserve the EFS flag in .zip files [Jason Penney].
.PD
.SH ADVANCECOMP VERSION 1.19 2014/03 
.PD 0
.IP \(bu
Limited the iterations number to 255 with the \-3 option.
.IP \(bu
Added a new \-k, \-\-keep\-file\-time option to advzip [Marco Banfi].
.IP \(bu
Made the Windows binary again compatible with old 686 processors.
.PD
.SH ADVANCECOMP VERSION 1.18 2013/11 
.PD 0
.IP \(bu
Added build support for new powerpc architectures.
.IP \(bu
Fixed build with BZIP.
.PD
.SH ADVANCECOMP VERSION 1.17 2013/03 
.PD 0
.IP \(bu
Changed to GPL3.
.IP \(bu
Added zopfli support. It\'s enabled using \-4, \-\-shrink\-insane.
You can control the number of iterations with the
new \-i, \-\-iter option.
Thanks to Darik Horn for the patches.
.PD
.SH ADVANCECOMP VERSION 1.16 2013/03 
.PD 0
.IP \(bu
Allowed recompression with files with zero length.
.IP \(bu
Some other minor bugfixes.
.IP \(bu
Now in git repository.
.PD
.SH ADVANCECOMP VERSION 1.15 2005/10 
.PD 0
.IP \(bu
Fixed the date displayed with the \-l advzip command.
.IP \(bu
The advdef utility now detects the file type from the file
header instead of using the extension.
.IP \(bu
Fixed a lot of bugs in the 64 bits platforms.
.PD
.SH ADVANCECOMP VERSION 1.14 2005/02 
.PD 0
.IP \(bu
Relaxed a consistency check for the local header in zip files.
The crc and size entries are allowed to contain the real
value also if a data descriptor is present.
.IP \(bu
Fixed the conversion of RGB images with less than 256 color
with transparency data.
.IP \(bu
Minor fixes at the documentation.
.PD
.SH ADVANCECOMP VERSION 1.13 2004/11 
.PD 0
.IP \(bu
Added support for .svgz files at advdef [rener].
.IP \(bu
Fixed the 8 bit color reduction of 32 bit png files.
.PD
.SH ADVANCECOMP VERSION 1.12 2004/09 
.PD 0
.IP \(bu
Fixed a compilation problem with gcc 3.4.
.PD
.SH ADVANCECOMP VERSION 1.11 2004/07 
.PD 0
.IP \(bu
Fixed a FreeBSD libc compatibility issue recompressing
.gz files [Radim Kolar].
.IP \(bu
Fixed a segmentation fault when some invalid
compressed .zip files are tested.
.PD
.SH ADVANCECOMP VERSION 1.10 2004/04 
.PD 0
.IP \(bu
Added support for alpha channel and the new \-n option
at advmng.
.IP \(bu
Fixed the uncompressing error \[dq]Invalid compressed data in ...\[dq]
with some GZIP files [Christian Lestrade].
.PD
.SH ADVANCECOMP VERSION 1.9 2003/11 
.PD 0
.IP \(bu
Added support for .tgz files at advdef.
.IP \(bu
Added the \-a option at advmng to create .mng files from
a sequence of .png files.
.PD
.SH ADVANCECOMP VERSION 1.8 2003/10 
.PD 0
.IP \(bu
Added support for .gz files at advdef.
.IP \(bu
Fixed support for .png files with splitted IDATs.
.PD
.SH ADVANCECOMP VERSION 1.7 2003/08 
.PD 0
.IP \(bu
Fixed a Segmentation Fault bug on the advmng \-r option on
the latest gcc.
.IP \(bu
Better and faster (MMX) move recognition in the advmng scroll
compression.
.IP \(bu
The frame reduction of the advmng utility is now done only if possible.
The compression process never fails.
.IP \(bu
Added a new \-S (\-\-scroll\-square) option at advmng.
.IP \(bu
Added a new \-v (\-\-verbose) option at advmng to show the
compression status.
.IP \(bu
Changed the internal ID for the bzip2 and LZMA compression.
The bzip2 ID is now compatible with the PKWARE specification.
.IP \(bu
Added support for RGB images with alpha channel at the advpng utility.
.IP \(bu
Updated with automake 1.7.6.
.PD
.SH ADVANCECOMP VERSION 1.6 2003/05 
.PD 0
.IP \(bu
Added the \`\-x\' option at the advmng utility to export .png files
from a .mng clip. Useful to compress it in an MPEG file.
.IP \(bu
Fixed the support for zips with additional data descriptors.
.IP \(bu
Updated with autoconf 2.57 and automake 1.7.4.
.IP \(bu
Some fixes for the gcc 3.3 compiler.
.PD
.SH ADVANCECOMP VERSION 1.5 2003/01 
.PD 0
.IP \(bu
Splitted from AdvanceSCAN
.IP \(bu
Added the \`advdef\' compression utility.
.PD
.SH ADVANCESCAN VERSION 1.4 2002/12 
.PD 0
.IP \(bu
Fixed a bug in the advmng utility when it was called with
more than one file in the command line. The program
was incorrectly adding a PLTE chunk at rgb images.
.PD
.SH ADVANCESCAN VERSION 1.3 2002/11 
.PD 0
.IP \(bu
Added the support for the transparency tRNS chunk at the
advpng utility.
.IP \(bu
Upgraded at the latest Advance Library.
.IP \(bu
Fixes at the docs. [Filipe Estima]
.IP \(bu
Minor changes at the autoconf/automake scripts.
.PD
.SH ADVANCESCAN VERSION 1.2 2002/08 
.PD 0
.IP \(bu
Added the advpng utility to compress the PNG files.
.IP \(bu
Added the advmng utility to compress the MNG files.
.IP \(bu
Added a Windows version.
.IP \(bu
Other minor fixes.
.PD
.SH ADVANCESCAN VERSION 1.1 2002/06 
.PD 0
.IP \(bu
Fixed an infinite loop bug testing some small damaged zips.
.IP \(bu
Removed some warning compiling with gcc 3.1.
.PD
.SH ADVANCESCAN VERSION 1.0 2002/05 
.PD 0
.IP \(bu
First public release.
.IP \(bu
Fixed the compression percentage computation on big files.
.IP \(bu
Added the \-\-pedantic option at the advzip utility. These
tests are only done if requested.
.PD
.SH ADVANCESCAN VERSION 0.6\-BETA 2002/05 
.PD 0
.IP \(bu
Added the AdvanceZIP utility.
.PD
